>>Welcome back.
And we're going to
continue our exploration
into a world of abundance with
Ubuntu Contributionism system.
And we left off talking
about the plan of action
that Ubuntu and the
Ubuntu Party has taken.
And it is a dual approach.
We are approaching this
from a grassroots community
development and a
political approach.
And the reason for
that is very simple,
because as soon as we
start creating community
projects that create abundance
and start threatening
the authorities they'll
send the men with guns,
or they'll create
laws or pass acts
or bills to shut
your projects down
because that's how it works.
So we've got to create
a protection system
and use the political arena
and the political party--
the Ubuntu party--
as a protection
and a political platform to
allow these grassroots projects
to take root and to blossom.
And that's why we are doing it.
So the Ubuntu Party was formed
in South Africa in 2012,
and then in 2014
we participated in
our first national elections.
And that was really our baptism
by fire where we learned--
and I learned as much as I
could about the political arena.
What I learned is that it's a
completely crooked and staged
event.
The outcomes and
the numbers are not
representative of what
the people vote for.
And I know this for
various reasons.
One of them was the fact that we
were told by one of the ladies
in one of the other
political parties
that was represented at
one of those tables there.
Every party's got a
table in this big hall
as the results come in.
And once she leaned
back at me and said,
hey, Ubuntu, did you know that
your party got the largest
number of votes in
the foreign votes--
people casting their votes
outside of South Africa?
And that blew my mind.
And I couldn't believe
it, and what happened
then is that must have sent a
shock wave through the election
system because that
obviously wasn't expected.
And the ANC is the big
party, and if not them
then the opposition
party, because they often
have the more liberal
kind of followers,
but still sold out to
capitalist banking system.
By the time the results were
released three days later--
they held on to the foreign
vote count for three days
before they released it.
There's only 18,500
votes, so Ubuntu Party
based on that statement said--
because she was an observer.
She was an observer
when the counts came in.
And by the time they
released it Ubuntu Party
was given 28 votes.
We expected about 4,000 or
5,000 votes of the 18,000 vote.
We had 28 votes.
So at that moment I realized,
well, the outcome of this
is going to be completely
staged and manipulated.
But what it did
teach us is that we
can inject a virus
of consciousness
or a seed of consciousness
into the political beast.
And that's what
this is all about.
And when people say, why
do we go into politics?
It's for exactly that reason.
We can't allow politics, which
is a dirty, disgusting filthy,
crooked, inhumane system to
control and destroy lives.
And that's what it's doing.
By sitting on the
fence and ignoring
it is not going to
solve the problems.
So we have to change it.
And people say to
me sometimes people
say, oh Tellinger, you
go into politics you're
going to become just like them.
I say really, have you
read our manifesto?
Are we going to
become just like them?
I don't think so.
We're talking about shutting
down the government,
closing the Fed, replacing
it with a People's Bank,
letting communities
govern themselves.
I don't think we sound
like them at all.
In fact, I think we sound
completely the opposite
to them, whoever them may be.
But the point is that we're
not going into politics
to become just like them.
We're going into politics to
inject a virus of consciousness
and to change this
disgusting field of politics
into a respectful, respectable,
honorable part of society that
actually serves the people.
And that's what it
should be doing.
It should be serving us,
and at the moment it's not.
So we can't sit on the fence.
We have to change it, and
once again, it's up to us
to change it.
So it's great that we've
learned from this, and the fact
that we realize that to go
off to the national elections
is not going to get us anywhere.
And we followed that
in the UK a year later.
The Ubuntu Party was
registered in the UK,
and Paul Toussaint and Mark
Sleigh in Sutton Coldfield
and Paul in Stoke on Trent
ran as Ubuntu party candidates
in the UK.
Each one of the
few hundred votes.
They were obviously
very disappointed.
They thought they were going
to win because they were so
inspired by the
message, but it's not
going to happen on that level.
What we have learned
from this, however, that
focusing on the local levels,
on the local municipal level,
is going to be far
more effective for us.
And that's really where
we're leading with this
in this transitional phase.
So I'm just giving you
a little hint here,
but we're going
to get there soon.
So what we entered the political
arena with as a manifesto,
in case you're
not aware of this,
was the following-- the
Ubuntu Party believes
that the country
belongs to its people,
that the mineral wealth
and the energy creation
belongs to its people, and that
the government is appointed
as the servant of other
people, by the people
to serve the needs of
the people on every level
of our human endeavor.
Based on these
simple principles,
we plan to do the following--
and this is where we really
let the cat out of the bag-- to
restructure the entire banking
system to serve the people
are not enslave the people.
So already we show
that we are not
like any other political party.
And by the way, I need to
mention this right here,
is any politician or
any political party that
doesn't tell the people about
the banking system, that
doesn't talk about the
Fed, or the central banks
being private corporations,
is lying to the people.
And either they lie to the
people because they don't know,
or they simply
blatantly lie and they
don't want to share that
information with the people.
And neither of those points
make them fit to lead or govern
anyone, and this is what we need
to keep reminding ourselves.
And any politician
that's says we're
going to create a
million new jobs
is just telling us
that we're going
to create a million more slaves
that work for the corporations
until the corporation
no longer needs them
and then they kick them out.
So this is the point that we
try and get across to the people
as strongly as we can
with this manifesto.
We've got to change the banking
system at the top level,
and on the national party
on the national elections
this is what the manifesto
says, because that's what we're
going for on a national level.
But that obviously
changes on a local level
when we get to the
local elections.
So let's continue here.
We create a People's Bank that
creates money for the people,
by the people,
and in which case,
the money is tax-free and
interest-free, with 100%
employment as a consequence and
stop the financial enslavement
of our people by the
private owned Reserve Bank.
This will immediately free
the people from debt slavery.
And we discussed this in
the previous episodes--
how a People's Bank will
provide all the funding
and the money
necessary for people
to move into any town,
any village anywhere,
and start any project they
want, because that money
will be provided for
by the People's Bank.
That's the job of
a People's Bank.
So it stops that
exploitation immediately.
There's no inflation.
There's no interest rate.
There's no taxes
or fees or levees,
because the people's
bank belongs to us.
And this is where a lot
of economists or people
that have studied finance
and say, oh, you're
going to create
hyperinflation, all this.
They have no idea what
they're talking about.
They're the ones with
their heads in the sand.
They're regurgitating the
lies and the manipulation
of the institutions called
universities and schools
that taught them all the
stuff and just taught
them to regurgitate
all this nonsense.
Because every time
the People's Bank
takes over a country
it becomes prosperous.
And we've read some
of the statements made
by in the early 1800s by
the bankers around the world
and those guys that
descended upon the United
States and various
other parts of the world
to take over with
the private banks.
And then we continue.
So the People's Bank is
the critical first step.
It's not the final
destination, but it's
the critical first step to take.
It's like taking the lid
off the pressure cooker,
and just releasing
the stress and anxiety
and the misery off everyone.
Let our scientists and inventors
deliver a renewable source
of free energy for everyone.
Does it sound like any
other political party?
No, it doesn't.
So clearly we already show
our humanness here-- the fact
that we are not a
political party.
We are human beings.
And this is often, say,
oh, so you're a politician?
I say no, I'm a human being.
I'm not a politician.
Again, with
politicians, politics
has become such a dirty
business we don't even see them
as human beings anymore.
Support our traditional
healers and research scientists
in finding alternative
cures for all disease
and prevent the drug cartels
from hiding such goods
from the people.
Support our farmers
on every level
to escape the groups of Monsanto
to grow organic food and plant
gardens across the nation
to ensure that no one ever
goes hungry again.
It's easy to grow food.
And there are
people that know how
to grow food in so much
abundance it completely
boggles your mind how much food
can be grown in a small area.
And then it continues.
Decentralize the
government so that people
can govern themselves in
their own communities,
taking care of their own
needs immediately supported
by the new People's Bank
every step of the way.
Again, this is a transitional
phase showing you
how we can go from in
a political arena how
we can go from where we are
now into very rapid abundance
and prosperity by simply
creating and introducing
a Peoples Bank.
Restructuring the judiciary
and the legal system
to be written by the
people, for the people,
unlike the unjust legal
system we face in our courts
today, which holds the
rights of corporations
above those of living,
breathing human beings.
So this is our seven point
manifesto-- very simple.
And all other points come
from this foundation.
Everything else comes from
this-- health care, education,
energy, technology,
society-- all that start
from this foundation.
So really what I'm
talking about is
we're looking at the political
arena from a national
and from a local perspective.
So from a national perspective
as I've just showed you
we focus on the
People's Bank, but we
realize that we're not going
to win the national elections.
We just don't have the
money or the funding.
It's not going to happen, but
we had to go through the process
to learn that, and
now we understand
how the beast
functions and what we
can do to bring the beast down.
And it's called the
Achilles heel approach,
and that Achilles heel approach
takes as into the small towns
and small municipalities
to affect the change
and to create that
first domino to fall.
And this is why we
are now focusing,
and this philosophy is applied
to all countries in the world,
on the smallest towns in
the smallest municipalities,
no matter what
country you live in.
Our promise to the people
and our campaign manifesto
in the local municipal elections
is free electricity for all.
That's our main slogan.
We know we can provide
an alternative source
of electricity for the
small towns and villages.
It's not a big task.
To provide electricity for
a big city is another story,
but for a small town of
1,000 of 5,000 people
we know we can do that.
And that changes everything.
So this takes us to
a plan of action.
No matter what country you
live the next elections
as the Ubuntu party, and
I must just also tell you
that right now the Ubuntu party
is being formed in Australia,
in Canada, the USA, it already
exists in UK and South Africa,
in Austria, Germany,
Slovenia, Croatia--
it's just spreading
almost uncontrollably
around the world, all
with the same manifesto,
the same philosophy, the same
unity consciousness foundation.
So we're creating
a global movement,
not just the movement
of unity consciousness,
but a political movement
that moves across borders,
beyond borders, across countries
that cannot be controlled
by bored anymore.
People sharing the
same philosophy
no matter what country they
find themselves in-- this
is just really very,
very encouraging.
And remember, this is not
something that are planned.
This happened.
It evolve naturally.
And we're just supporting
the natural evolution
of this the best way we can,
which is not always easy.
But we are doing
the best we can.
So you're focusing on
local, municipal elections
no matter what
country you're in.
And in South Africa we have
the local elections in 2016.
We don't yet know
when they're going
to be because the government
will announce when they will be
when it best suits
them, as they always do,
but I trust sometime
between April and June 2016.
And our plan is to
win at least one
of the small municipalities.
We're targeting the 12
smallest municipalities,
and I suggest that the
same line of action
is applied in every country
where the Ubuntu parties is
established.
Go after the 12
smallest municipalities.
The 12 smallest
municipalities in South Africa
have as few as seven and
a half thousand people
in the whole municipality.
Why do we do this?
Because we know we
can reach 7,500 people
far more effectively
than 100,000 people
with out pamphlets, our
posters on the lamp poles,
our little campaigns with
our gazebo in the town.
You know, if we go into
a little time like that
or the small towns that
makeup these municipalities--
there's normally between four
and 10 towns that make up
these little municipalities.
You go in there and you
put up your little gazebo
with your flags and your banners
and you hand out pamphlets
for a weekend everybody in
the town will know about you,
because that's how
small the town is.
They'll know what
your plan of action
is, they'll know what
your philosophy is,
they'll understand our
plan of action, which
is free electricity for all.
And we can explain to them how
we get that free electricity,
and how that free electricity
will benefit everyone
in the community.
Why?
Because it's our electricity.
Before I go there what
we need to explain-- we
use the electricity as
a tool of unification,
a platform to unite the people.
This is critical.
Really important to
understand and embrace this.
And this is where Ubuntu
differs, I believe,
quite radically with a
lot of other movements
that suggest or try
to get an electricity
device into every household
that could actually
be very dangerous.
Right now at our current
level of consciousness
we're ready so divided as a
species we fear our neighbors.
We don't even know
who our neighbors are,
and now you want
to give everybody
their own independent
individual energy supply.
I don't think
that's the solution.
I think that's actually a tool
of even creating more division
and more fear, and possibly
a lot more violence,
especially in the areas of
the haves and the don't-haves.
If you have one of those devices
in your home or on your farm,
and the neighboring
farmer doesn't have one,
he's going to climb over your
wall to take it from you.
So that's not really a solution,
but if you turn it around
and you say, let's
give our whole town,
let's give everybody electricity
equally, free electricity, that
becomes a unifying factor
and a tool of unity
between the people.
Everybody gets free electricity.
So to come back to this is
we can explain to people
very quickly where this
electricity comes from,
how we generate
it, and we are not
talking about exotic
kind of electricity
here because that could
be too much information
for most people they don't
know enough about this
or they haven't
research this enough.
We're talking about putting
hydro-turbines in the river.
There are so many
rivers around our towns,
especially in the
Americas and South Africa
probably has fewer rivers
than most other countries,
but even there we can do that.
You put a bunch of
hydro-turbines in the river
and we can have electricity
for the whole town very,
very quickly.
The one thing that
we do have is access
to very advanced
hydro-turbine technology,
and this is because in my
travels around the world
and meeting some
really brightest
and incredible
people, inventors,
and scientists that have
shared his knowledge with us.
This is not generally known.
Once again, these
inventors struggle
from the same problem that every
other invent struggles from
is lack of funding, but
we know they are there.
We know the
technology works, and
these hydro-turbine technologies
are 20 to 40 times as effective
as current hydro-turbines
technology.
So that can solve
a lot of problems.
We're not talking exotic
or strange technology.
We're talking tried and tested
things that people understand,
and they get it.
Doesn't matter how
poor the people maybe.
They understand
this, and I think
this is where our government
has made a big mistake.
They think that because people
are poor, they're stupid.
Well, poor people
are not stupid.
They know exactly
what's going on,
and they're sick and tired of
how they've been mistreated.
So wherever we go with our
philosophy and our message
of Ubuntu and the
free electricity,
people get it
very, very quickly.
So we're gathering a lot
of support much quicker
than I ever imagined, and
we'll see how it goes.
So the whole manifesto is
based on the free electricity.
I'm just sharing
some of the art work
that we've developed
for our campaigns
for the various parts of it.
These are pull up banners that
talk about free electricity,
upgrading our towns,
creating abundance.
Where do people
get, how do people
get this for electricity,
or why does everybody
get this free electricity?
Because they participate in the
well-being of the community.
Everybody gives three
hours a week towards one
of the community projects.
And this is where
some people get stuck
and they get well, hold on.
How you're going to
set up the projects?
Where you're going
to get the money
to create the electricity?
We say, well, we're going
to win the election.
This is why we're going for it.
We are campaigning so
we can win the election.
When we win and I'm
the mayor and we
get the money that
comes from government,
that money then gets
funneled and put
into all the community projects
to actually serve the people.
At the moment, that
money disappears
into the back pockets
of the politicians
and we don't see any
benefits from it.
So we actually apply
the money where
it's supposed to be applied.
So the first chunk of money
that comes from government
we set up the electricity
device for our town.
Once it's paid for,
once it's set up,
and once it's giving us
electricity, it's ours.
it belongs to us.
And then it's free to us,
because we've paid for it.
Ah.
I see.
It's that simple.
And then people get
stuck even further.
They say, well, who's going
to give you permission to put
the electricity device in?
I say well, I am.
We just won the election
on that manifest.
We said we will give out
town free electricity.
We're just implementing
the manifesto.
Who's going to stop us?
I don't know who's
going to stop us.
Are they going to send
the men with guns in?
Possibly.
What are the people going to do
if they send the men with guns
in?
At least we've
united the community,
and we're going to see a
result that maybe nobody has
thought of before.
However, this is
again what brings out
that fear-based,
knee-jerk reaction.
People more often than not
are looking for approval
from some higher authority.
Somebody up there must
give you the approval
that you can do this.
Well, we're no longer
looking for approval
from high authority.
We become the authority.
The time belongs to us.
The time belongs to its people.
The country belongs
to its people.
The government is the
servant of the people.
They should be kissing our
butts on each cheek every day.
Right?
Standing on every corner
asking us what can
we do for you, sir and ma'am.
And the same with politicians
in the municipalities.
What can we do for you today?
They're not doing that,
so this is the manifesto
that we're giving the people.
Free electricity, community
projects, abundance for all.
The money that comes
in from the government
gets used to set up
the community projects.
And all the people have to do
to get their free electricity is
to work for three hours a
week in one of these community
projects.
What does this do?
What have we achieved
when we do this?
We've achieved something
quite remarkable.
We've just turned our
town into a powerful labor
force the no corporation, or
municipality, or government
department can compete with.
And this changes everything.
In a town of 5,000 people like
our little town, three hours
a week that's 15,000
hours of labor week.
What company or
government or municipality
can afford to pay 15,000
labor hours a week?
They can't afford
that, but we've just
created that for ourselves
because we've chosen
to do that between ourselves.
You need a lot of
community projects
to put the people to
work, so understand
there's a lot of
things that have
to happen at the same time.
The electricity device,
setting up the projects,
allocating specialists to each
project, project coordinators,
project managers that
actually look after it,
and finding the people
in the community
that are naturally drawn to that
activity so they're part of it
and support it.
And then setting up
a project manager
to allocate the
people to each project
so that we've got
the 15,000 hours
allocated across the week.
This is huge, huge labor
force and production line
that we just created here.
And it's all for free.
It's that simple, people.
We've been so blinded by
the corporate structure.
We're constantly doing
something for others outside
of ourselves.
We're working for
corporations like slaves
to create wealth
for the corporations
or the municipalities
or the governments.
Let's stop doing that.
Let's start whatever it is
we do we do for ourselves,
and it starts with
our communities.
And from there it
grows and spills over.
So what this is a great
example or an opportunity
for, as well, or
a demonstration of
is the fact that this it brings
in the transitional phase.
Everybody's got
three hours a week.
You don't have to
give up your job.
You can keep your
job in the bank
and activate the people
in your bank with what
you're doing in your community.
You can still get up at 5:00 in
the morning, put on your suit,
and drive into the city, or
wherever you've got your job
and go do that
and come and spend
three hours at night or
whenever on the weekend
to do your community work
contributing to a community.
And whatever you do, once again,
will be supported and valued
by those around you.
It's not just the
three hours a week
that we create the
transitional phase in,
but this leads to abundance
very, very quickly.
Because we're not just going
to get a bunch of people
together to grow some food
like a bunch of hippies saying,
hey, let's grow some
food over there, bro.
This is not what
we're doing here.
This is a well planned, well
structured, well calculated
exercise, and this is where
the whole Contributionism
principal kicks in.
And the whole idea of
creating abundance really
starts to come to
light, because whatever
it is we do, whether its growing
potatoes or corn or cabbages
or wood factory or breeding fish
or whatever it is we're doing,
it is worked out and calculated
based on the number of people
in our community.
When I say community,
it's the town, right?
Town or village.
And then making sure
that we create or grow
at least three times as
much as what we need,
because whether we sustain
ourselves and just create
enough for ourselves to
hang on for dear life,
we might as well just
create three times as much
because it doesn't take
three times as much effort.
It probably takes
10% more effort
to create three times
as much, if that.
So this is where the
abundance thing kicks in.
So we create at least
three times as much.
So we have a plan
of action here,
and this is really
important to remember this
because when we get a
little further down when
you go and claim your things
so you know that you can't just
load your truck full of stuff
and drive off, because we've
apportioned and
allocated produce
and things to ourselves
very comfortably and very
generously.
We're not going to
be stingy in this.
We don't have to
be stingy, right?
We can allocate as
much as we think.
How many potatoes do
you need to eat a day?
Can you eat 10 potatoes a day?
No, I don't think so.
That's too many.
Can you eat two cobs
of corn every day?
No, it's probably too
much, but you're seeing
where I'm going with this.
So it's really well
planned and allocated
so we've got more than enough
for every person every day,
and then three times as much.
And it's that
three times as much
that creates that abundance,
because what then happens
is whatever we don't use within
our community we start selling
and making available to the
people and the communities
around us.
But we can make that
available for a fraction
of the price of Walmart
or any other supermarket
because we doing it
for virtually for free,
and it's organic.
And so we can under price
any other competitor
so the moment we do this and we
start providing and supplying
whatever we're doing for
ourselves to a neighboring
communities, we've
affected their well-being.
And we're going to make them
do what we've just done.
And this is why I
say Contributionism
devours and destroys capitalism
wherever it finds it.
You cannot survive and continue
operating a capitalist system
within close proximity of a
Contributionist community.
It is just not possible.
It will get toppled.
It will get destroyed for
the benefit of the people.
And it's not going to take a
long time for the people in you
neighboring communities
to want what you've got.
Why are they going to
want what you've got?
Because suddenly they
realize that you've
got free electricity, free
food, free milk, free bread,
free eggs, free cheese, free
cream, fish, clothing, shoes,
furniture-- whatever it is
we do is free for the people,
just because you give
your three hours a week.
And that's how simple it is.
If you start doing
the numbers-- my mind
literally boggled when I started
putting the numbers together.
This is how we start
imitating the nature around us
and the laws of nature,
really creating abundance
like one apple tree doesn't
grow another apple tree.
One apple tree grows
thousands of apple trees,
and that's what we're doing now.
One community creates
abundance thousands
of times of its own capacity,
and that's what we're becoming.
We're becoming the fractal
capacity of the laws of nature
around us, and this
is really fantastic.
Now the question is--
we're transitioning
from today's really
divided society where
we live in fear of each other.
We don't know our
neighbors and so forth.
It's different in
small communities,
and this is why
it's probably going
to be a lot easier
to do it there
as well to unite the people
because they know each other.
They know they're neighbors.
They talk to each other.
They get together at the pub,
and it's a lot closer knit
in the smaller communities.
But there still will
be fence-sitters.
The guys with the big SUVs that
have a fancy job in the city
but live in the town, and
they're going to say well,
I'm not going to work
for three hours a week.
I don't need to do that.
I've got a fancy job.
Why should I do that?
Well, how do long
do you think they're
going to sit on the fence?
When at the end
of the first month
everyone's getting
all the food for free,
and at the end of
the first year people
are getting everything for
free and this guy's still
got a job in the city.
He's still putting petrol in
his car, and buying everything.
And you're getting
everything for free.
How long is he going to sit
on that fence until he says--
and paying for electricity,
by the way, right?
Remember so everyone's
getting free electricity,
but he's still going
to be sent a bill.
And then the Council of
Elders can actually decide,
what about the fence-sitters
because they're not really
playing ball with the
rest of the community.
They say they are sort
of separating themselves
from the rest of the community.
Everyone else is
working together
and they want to be
special, so let's hike
the price of the
electricity to those people.
Everyone's getting it for free.
They're going to pay
extra because they're not
contributing to the community.
You can do that as
the Council of Elders.
So there's very
interesting things
that could be happening here.
I'm not suggesting we
do that, because that's
acting like Capitalists,
but I'm just
throwing out an example
of what could happen.
So I suggest that these
fence-sitters will probably
stop sitting on the fence very
quickly, especially when they
start seeing their friends
not working, stopping work,
and why are they
going to stop work?
Because once we've got
these community projects
going for a year or two
years, all the money
that comes into
the projects keeps
getting reallocated to
upgrade the projects
or improve the projects
and create new projects.
And we constantly have
to create new project
because we need to create
components for other community
projects, right?
So if we get a bicycle factory
and we the spokes or the tubes,
the tires, we're going
to create a project that
creates the tires to supply
the bicycle factory, right?
So we're constantly
upgrading, creating
more and more projects.
And this shows you how this
grows exponentially and just
creates more and more
opportunity and skills.
This is the important thing.
So let's get to the bullet
point plan of action,
because I think this is
an interesting, quick scan
of the plan of action.
So we win the local election.
We become the
political authority,
and we implement
the plan of action.
This is why we can do it,
because we've given ourselves
the right.
And the people have
voted us in to do
what we said we're going to do.
We install an Ubuntu
municipality and a Council
of Elders, provide our
own electricity supply
for every town under
our control-- hydro
or more exotic kind.
And this is really
important to understand
the role of the
Council of Elders,
and how you actually
hand over the control
of the town to the Council
of Elders almost immediately.
So even as a mayor,
if and when I
become the mayor of our little
municipality the first thing
we do is start setting
up the Council of Elders.
And the Council of Elders
is not just one council.
We suggest, for example, that
it's a Council of Elders that
could be probably mostly
men-- because that's just
the way it works.
And for that to
balance that equation
we believe that we need to set
up a Council of Women and also
a Youth Council.
So we're going to
have three councils
in the community that
represent the different sectors
of our community, especially
the Council of Women,
because in this male
dominated society
we find ourselves
in the role of women
have been being completely
undermined and negated
and in many ways
suppressed to a level that
is quite unimaginable.
So we need to correct that.
So I think a Council of Women
is probably the right thing
to do in the beginning.
But again, it's for
the people to decide.
What I'm saying
is that the moment
we point a Council of
Elders, me as the mayor,
no longer run the show
because I've automatically
handed over the running of the
town to the Council of Elders.
This is how
incredible the system
is so no one can point the
finger at me and say, Michael,
you're screwing this thing up.
The Council is now
making the-- they can
choose to consult me
and ask for guidance,
but that's their choice.
I just remain a political figure
that sits in the mayoral office
and does nothing, because
the consulate is actually
running and managing the
town and guiding the town
and creating the new
laws and new structures
and the guidance for the
town and the community.
So we launch a diverse number
of community projects-- food,
water, clean water,
especially in our town,
improved health care,
engineering, bakery, et cetera.
These are well-managed
and coordinated
by a chosen team of
experts in that field.
Everyone is asked to
contribute three hours a week
for these project in return
for the free electricity.
Those who do not
participate continue
to pay for electricity.
We turn our town into a powerful
labor force doing everything
for ourselves, creating
abundance for our people
and others around us.
Free electricity for everyone
that contributes three hours
a week to the project, free
electricity to all community
projects, free labor for
all community projects.
We create three times
abundance of everything we do.
We export the 2/3 that we don't
need outside our community
at a price that
is very lucrative.
We invite all industry to become
part of the Community Project
pool and benefit immensely from
no labor cost, no electricity
cost, and an increasing
supply of free components
as the projects
become integrated
and start to supply
each other for free.
Business owners retain one
third of the profits and the 2/3
go to the community.
Interim generation of wealth,
which goes to the community
projects.
No corporation can
compete with us
because we provide the
labor for free ourselves
and an ever increasing
percentage of raw materials
and components.
We activate more projects
and attract top talent
in all areas.
Once the people feel the broad
benefits of so many levels,
the Ubuntu party will
never get voted out.
And that's the thing.
The moment you
implement this, do
you think we'll ever get voted
out as a political party?
It's not going to happen.
And this is how you secure
your control of the town.
Control is such a terrible word.
The activating, the
stewardship of the town.
Thank you.
So everything becomes
available for free
to all those who
participate in the project.
Everything we do
eventually becomes a part
of the community project.
I'm going to go through
these in more detail.
I'm just spelling
these bullet points out
so you can see where
we're going with this.
Everything we do
eventually becomes
part of a community project,
and this is where it really
starts to unfold.
No matter what you do in
your town, sooner or later
it's going to become part
of the community project
because what you do is somehow
in some way going to benefit
the people around you.
Whether you're a painter,
a sculptor, a horse breed,
or a rubbish collector--
whatever it is that you do
will benefit the
community around you.
And this is the
interesting example
of how completely united
the community becomes
and how integrated
everything is.
Everything affects
everything else,
and everything supports
everything else.
Nothing is made to be special
or separate, because it's not.
It's all there providing a
foundation for a cohesive,
united community.
This system creates a
new educational structure
where people learn
valuable skills for life
while doing community projects.
Very important.
We'll talk more about that.
In a few years we'll have a
well-trained and highly skilled
community where everyone
can do everything--
do everything-- and loving it.
Using this one small town
as the first domino to fall,
lead by example to
all other small towns.
This will cause a win in the
national elections next time
we get around to the
national election,
because now suddenly you've
got all the towns running
this Contributionist
system it goes
to reason that we're going
to win the national elections
without much effort.
So we start with one
tiny, little town.
This is why I say
it's so critical.
So converting our whole
country into a united community
of abundant diversity on all
levels of human endeavor.
Important considerations--
the transitional phase
versus final destination.
I mentioned already
the transitional phase
is very simple.
Three hours a week.
Everybody can afford
three hours a week,
but we have to win the political
elections on the local level
with which to implement and
kick start this process.
Without the political
authority it's
going to be very
difficult to achieve this.
So this is why I've
realized that we
can use the political front
as a very critical and very
clever and strategic tool to
help us speed up this process.
Without the political victory
it might take us a lot longer,
and we can get bashed
down all the time.
So the effects on our
neighboring towns.
Imagine if I become the
mayor of a town like this,
and we implement this
philosophy and start
creating this abundance and
exporting it to our neighboring
towns and destroying
their capitalist model,
or whatever the effect it has.
Ultimately, the people of our
town not only become very happy
very quickly--
imagine how you will
feel as the mayor of
the neighboring town?
So if I become the town mayor
and we implement this-- what
are you going to do as
the mayor of your town?
Are you going to
resist doing the same,
or are you going
to continue running
your town on the same
capitalist model,
keeping your people in misery?
The choice is yours.
So what we do by
winning one little town
is we create a huge, invisible,
energetic, quantum effect
without having to say a word.
We don't have to go to
the neighboring towns,
convince the mayor
to do the same.
He will feel or she will
feel the pressure themselves.
We don't have to
say a word to them.
We just carry on making
sure that what we do works
as best as it can possibly
work for our community,
because that'll be
the energetic field
and the message on the
quantum level that gets
sent out to everyone.
And that message doesn't just
go to the neighboring towns
and communities and
the mayors that'll
be changing their tune
very, very quickly, that
goes across the boarders.
It goes into other countries.
It goes everywhere
around the world,
because people in Australia will
go wow, in South Africa look
what they're doing.
If they can do it there
we can do it here.
And already we have people that
are absorbing this philosophy
all around the world.
There are Ubuntu supporters
in every country or the world,
so that consciousness is
already reaching there.
This is how simply we can
spread this so quickly.
But I want to
backtrack a little bit,
because I've changed
this presentation
for this particular
event and I messed up
my train of thought
a little bit,
so I want to
backtrack a little bit
and just go back to
the community projects.
Once we start selling the
stuff out of our town--
remember that's in the
beginning while we still
live in a money-driven society.
Eventually, the 2/3 that we
create extra for ourselves
are going to be to share
with other communities that
don't have what we have.
So in the beginning is to
sell, and eventually when
we no longer and have the need
for money later down the road,
we then use that to
share with others.
We make that available
to every other community.
So understand this.
There's not a greed factor built
into this because sometimes
people get confused by this.
Well, you're still
selling stuff.
Yeah, while we're still stuck
in a money-driven, capitalist
system.
We have to use money.
This is really important,
and sometimes people
attack me for this.
They say, oh, Tellinger, if
this is such a clever idea,
why don't you practice what
you preach and set this
all up with no money?
I go, really?
Come on, you know?
Are you that dumb?
The money system prevents
us from setting it up,
so that's why it's there.
Just remember the entire
global financial system
was structured so that
it destroys anything
that tries to undermine it.
That's how it's set
up, and it's been
very successful in doing that.
It's currently
right now everything
we're doing with
the Ubuntu movement
all the negative
feedback we get is always
about the money-- shutting
our bank account down
or people claiming that
we're misusing the money.
It's always about the money.
They try and bring you
down and it's always
to do with the money.
It's amazing.
So we have to
understand to implement
this process we have to use
the money to get ourselves
rid of the money.
We have to set up the
projects and the systems
and the structures to
create so much money.
I call it the
f-you money factor.
We have to have so much
money coming to our community
that we don't know what
to do with the money.
Oh, well what should we do
the $100 million we've got?
Well, let's build
a new hospital.
Great.
Let's build a new hospital.
Why?
Because we can't.
And we've got the
technology and the research
labs and the scientists and
the healers that are there
to do the work, and they
doing it by choice, not
because their forced.
We set up the projects and they
start to make a lot of money.
I'll give you one example.
Our town right now gets about
three million Rand a month.
Let's say that's $300,000
a month, arguably.
That all disappears.
One community project
alone-- our fish farm.
A fish farm is capable
of breeding a million
fish a month.
That's equivalent
about 10 million
Rand month, 10 Rand to fish.
That's 10 million Rand a month
from one community project.
We're get a three million Rand
a month from our government.
One project gives us three times
as much money as the government
gives the entire town.
So imagine on our current list
we have about 24 community
projects.
Multiply that by 24.
Not all of them are
going to be that
profitable for the community,
but what I'm saying
is that the projects
are going to bring
in huge amounts of
money for our community,
especially if they're
managed by experts who
really know what they're doing.
And that's the key thing here.
It's not just a bunch of
dope smokers or people
that say, hey, I'll
come and help you out.
No.
We choose the best people.
If we need a baker
to run the bakery,
if we don't have a baker
we get the best baker
we can from France or Germany
to come and teach our people
how to bake, and
make sure that we
run the bakery to the best of
our capacity because we can
and we choose to do that.
So every project
is managed and run
on that highest possible
quality level, which
means that the money that
comes in portions of it
will always go into upgrading
and creating more project,
but we're not going to spend all
the money on all the projects
all the time, so what do we
do the rest of the money?
We distribute it to the
people that participate
in the community projects.
Now, I've done some
calculations on this
and once again, it's mind
blowing to see what happens.
Within a year or two,
the amount of money
we will be
distributing-- and I'm
using my town, Waterval
Boven, as an example.
A community of 5,000 people
will be distributing twice as
much money to everyone
that participates
and I'm basing that so let's
say 3,000 people of the 5,000
participate.
We'll be distributing twice
as much money to every one
than the current monthly
salary is in South Africa.
Everyone in our town will
be getting about 10,000 Rand
a month if you do
the numbers when
the current monthly salary
is probably around 5,000 Rand
a month.
So you work for three hours
a week, everything is free,
you're working
and enjoying life.
Your life is
improving all the time
and you get money at
the end of every month
for working three hours a week.
I mean, that I believe is
the foundation of creating
paradise and creating the
camaraderie and the friendship
and the unity within
that community
and constantly coming up
with new and clever artistic,
cultural ideas to
uplift your community.
So that's what happens
with the money.
Remember the other thing
that we're going to do?
When I become mayor, if I become
mayor-- or any Ubuntu party
mayor-- the first thing
you do is you go our
and you make a public statement.
And remember, you're not
the political authority.
So you're speaking from a
different kind of position
of-- I guess authority
is a terrible word
but-- with resonance with
the public around the world.
You're speaking as the mayor,
not as a leader of some ground
movement.
As a mayor you invite all the
healers and the scientists
in the world to come.
Those that can cure
disease and cure cancer
to come into your
own and community,
and you'll set them
up into a laboratory
and give them whatever
they need to develop
the cures for all disease.
How long do you think it's
going to take for those
healers to come to your town?
They'll be there within a week.
From all over the world they'll
be knocking on your door
because they're
never, ever provided
with those kind of facilities.
They always have to do it behind
the scenes and hidden from.
Now you're opening it
up and you're telling
the world what you doing.
You don't make the
mistake that JFK did.
You don't hide the
fact that you're
going to print your own money.
We invite the scientists
and the inventors
that can create free
energy into our community.
Come.
We'll give you the labs.
We'll give you whatever you
need, the research facilities,
to create alternative
energy devices.
And then we share
it with the world.
Now, do you know how much
money medical tourism creates?
It's a huge global industry,
and in South Africa,
it is one of the
biggest industries is
the medical tourism industry.
On the one hand, our
government hospitals
will kill you if you
go in there because you
get some secondary infection
and because they're
just so badly managed from
being some of the best
hospitals in the world.
And on the other hand, we've
got our private hospitals
that have tourist from
all over the world come
pay billions of dollars every
year to have surgery performed
in South Africa because it's a
lot cheaper and then they come
and have a holiday.
Now, imagine our little hospital
in our little town where we've
got the best healers
is in the world
and we're actually curing
cancer and other diseases,
how long do you think
it's going to take
for the first millionaires
to arrive there?
Millionaires with
cancer to be cured.
They'll be knocking at our
door within the first month.
What will happen once we cure
the first multimillionaire
with cancer?
We have immediately created
the best possible protection
for ourselves.
No amount of money
could ever buy,
because suddenly
everyone with cancer,
all the rich people in
the world with cancer,
will be your biggest support
and ally and your protector.
That's what happens.
This is why you
have to open it up.
You have to talk about it.
You have to shout it
from the mountaintop.
Put it out on the
media, and you have
to put together to start off
with virtually immediately
a very powerful PR and
marketing team for your town
to constantly put
out the good news,
because there will
immediately be
a backlash from the
Rothschild Banking Empire
to try and shut you
down, to try and make
you look like a
bunch of lunatics
that you're trying to do.
And they'll tell come
up with all kinds
of mud slinging at you.
It's always pedophilia,
pornography, or something
like that, right?
So they'll try and
turn your little town
into this devilish,
demonish place
where you're torturing children
or something like that.
So you have to be
ready for that,
and you've got to make sure
that your publicity goes out
every day.
That you're telling the people
of the world the good news
and showing them the
good news, so no amount
of bad PR from the
elite will undo what
you're doing in your community.
These are all very important
strategic considerations.
This is something
big we doing here.
This is not a little thing.
It's going to take one little
town somewhere in the world
to destroy and collapse the
entire global capitalist model.
That's how powerful
this is, and I
hope you can start
seeing how simple it is.
Three hours a week,
that's all it takes.
But it takes working together.
It takes cooperation
and collaboration.
So we're coming to
the end of this hour.
It felt like five minutes.
Any comments or questions?
>>Thank you, Michael.
Can you elaborate a little
bit on where you came up
with the three hours a week?
I know several people that put
in 40, 50, 60, 80 hours a week,
and at the week
they're still behind.
So can you just share
a little bit more
on how-- the three hours--
how you came up with that?
>>Thanks very much for
asking that question.
It's really just holy
trinity number, right?
I mentioned earlier that all
the numbers and the structure
we work with has to flow with
the natural flow of nature--
sacred geometry.
And if we don't do
that we're constantly
at odds with the
natural flow of energy
through the natural process.
So everything we do
has to keep bringing
that into consideration,
and three hours a week
is just a number that
I started working with.
I started working with
much larger numbers,
and then I realized that
it's completely unnecessary.
We're still thinking
from a capitalist model.
The reason we work for 40, 50,
60 hours of 70 hours a week
is because that's how
the capitalist model has
been structured.
Remember, it's scarcity.
It's all about
scarcity, and it's
you working for
yourself to earn money.
You're not working
mostly for corporations,
even if you work as
a plumber and you're
working for yourself, you're
still working for money.
You're not working
to great abundance
for a whole community.
So if you think about
the amount of energy
that we waste on a
daily basis because
of the capitalist
model, it's spectacular.
90% of what we do
is wasted energy.
When you start breaking it down
from the moment you wake up
in the morning and your open
your eyes, the things you do,
where you go, where you travel,
where you drive, who you phone,
the time you spend doing things,
most of it is wasted energy.
It's chasing money.
It is not creating abundance.
And that's when you start
realizing how completely upside
down the entire system is.
We need to spend a fraction
of the time working together
to create the abundance,
and this is where we start,
as I mentioned,
replicating or recreating
the laws of abundance we
find around us in nature.
And the three hours a week-- you
could do the numbers yourself.
It's spectacular.
A town of 5,000 people,
15,000 hours a week.
You need a lot of
community projects
to put the people to work,
so you see how fruitful
it becomes so quickly.
And I'll talk more
about examples,
how we incorporate companies,
existing factories, existing
businesses-- how those
are incorporated in this.
No one is ever excluded.
In fact, it becomes so lucrative
for companies and corporations
and factories that are
currently in your town
and outside of
your town, everyone
will be migrating
to your community
to become one of your community
project because of the benefits
that we've created.
It is spectacular.
The energetic explosion
of the abundance
we create and how
we attract everyone
around us is beyond
belief because we've never
experienced it.
We are so poisoned
by this capitalists
system for so many hundreds
and thousands of years.
There was a question here?
>>I can totally see how this
would work after it's working.
>>Yes.
>>And how much
abundance there would be
created in a very short time.
For one reason, because
when you take out
everything that is
related to money
there's not that much left to
do, because so much that we do
is to make the money, to protect
the money, to save the money,
to count the money, to ensure
the money, all of that.
And that's kind of
been a hobby of mine
since I read your book
a couple years ago.
It was like, looking at all the
people's jobs and saying, well,
they don't need that job.
We wouldn't need that job.
So many things wouldn't
need to be done,
but that's after we get there.
And so I'm wondering if
you could clarify for me--
I imagine you made this point,
but I need more clarification--
where does the
initial money come
from when we've got
this mayor and we've
got this Council of Elders
and we've got this project.
But in order to get the
supplies for the project,
even the labor is free.
I understand that,
but the goods are not.
We pay to buy the stuff to
put the generator together
and to distribute it.
So where does the
initial money come
from before we have this
abundance that we're selling
to our communities around us?
>>Thank you.
A very important question,
so let me recap on that.
The municipality gets
money from government.
We get a lump sum of
money every month.
That money is for
social services,
to keep the town clean,
to remove the rubble,
to upgrade the sports fields,
to run the town hall, to provide
services to the community,
including electricity for which
they will then charge us.
So there's a lot of money
that comes into the town,
but that money is used in
a way that doesn't really
benefit the people.
Most of that money
is used in a way
to uphold the structures
that keep the municipality
in control, right?
So we're going to change that.
We're going to use
the money to create
the structures that great
abundance for the people.
And some of the
community projects
don't need a lot of money.
So if you say, for example,
breakdown three million
Rand month in to 20
community projects.
20 community projects
at 50,000 Rand
per project as an injection
so they can operate,
that's one million Rand.
That's 20 community project.
50,000 Rand a month is a lot
of money where I come from.
You can run a very
successful community project
with that kind of money.
And that's just
one third of what
are we getting from
government right now.
Three million Rand and
one million Rand that
can fund 20 projects,
so I hope that gives you
some indication of where the
money is going to come from.
Every town, every
country will have
their own set of
challenges obviously
and set of
circumstances, but what
it also does the moment we
become the political authority
and I as the mayor can go out
to the global crowd-funding
or conscious
billionaires and say hey,
this is the kind of community
we're creating here.
We need your help.
We need your funding.
We need your input.
It's not going to take
long before the conscious
billionaires to
come out and say,
wow, I want to be part
of making this a success,
even if there's not enough
money coming from government.
As the political authority
you have much more clout
to invite the money and
funding in from other sources,
much more clout then I
would as an individual
running a little
nonprofit company.
And that changes everything.
That's why the
political aspect of it
is so important that we have
to win on a political level.
That changes everything.
>>Hi, Patrick-- or Michael.
I'm Patrick.
I wanted to say in the slide
earlier about one third,
one third, one
third, I know this
is a really practical applied
equation to manufacturing
and any kind of an industry.
If you allow one third for the
house, a third for the future,
and a third for those people
that produce that in my opinion
it's an excellent and
very successful premise.
>>Wow.
Thanks very much.
And I'll talk more about this in
the next episode how the three
thirds get broken up in when
you start inviting existing
factories and farmer and
manufacturers into the equation
how incredible it is
because it literally
becomes like a magnet for anyone
who's doing anything right now.
And I speak from
experience here.
I'm not thinking that
they want to participate.
I've already had these
discussions with farmers.
A lot of the farmers
around our town
have already offered
us they're land.
They want to participate.
They want to feel part of
this new way of doing things.
They want to know that
their land is being used
for the good of the community.
That's not even a
problem, but I've
spoken to others farmers unions
like one of the wine farmers
unions from the Western Cape.
And you know, wine farmers
can be I guess quite arrogant
because they produce a high
end product and a lot of them
make a lot of money, when
I shared the idea with them
it wasn't even a matter
of debate or discussion,
it's like when can we start?
That's normally the
standard answer,
but I'm going to go
into a bit more detail
in the next episode.
So thanks very much for
being here once again,
and we'll continue
this exciting story
to take it to its
final conclusion
in the next two episodes.
Thanks for being here.
I'm Michael Tellinger,
and thanks for watching.